AMP-96862 [DatabricksImport] Update the developer doc for databricks import (#275)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/databricks.md

## Limitations

> - Databricks import doesn't support export data.

Reviewer: then let's probably remove. `databricks import` is only for bringing data from databricks to Amplitude. `databricks export` will be a separate feature which has no dependency on `databricks import` so we don't need to mention that.

> - User stream view isn't available for data ingested with this feature.

Author: hey @shawn-amplitude do you know if this is still true?

Amplitude creates workflows in this cluster on your behalf to start sync jobs. When complete, copy the **Server hostname** and **Http path** values to use in a later step. Find both values on the **Configuration -> JDBC/ODBC** tab. For more information about cluster types, see [Compute](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/index.html).

Ensure that the new cluster can run jobs by NOT having configs below in cluster's policy. See details in Databricks' article [Policy definition](https://docs.databricks.com/en/administration-guide/clusters/policy-definition.html#workload).

```
"workload_type.clients.jobs": {
    "type": "fixed",
    "value": false
}

> ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

Amplitude creates workflows in this cluster on your behalf to start sync jobs. When complete, copy the **Server hostname** and **Http path** values to use in a later step. Find both values on the **Configuration -> JDBC/ODBC** tab. For more information about cluster types, see [Compute](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/index.html).

> Ensure that the new cluster is able to run jobs by NOT having configs below in cluster's policy. See details in [doc](https://docs.databricks.com/en/administration-guide/clusters/policy-definition.html#workload).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that the new cluster can run jobs by NOT having configs below in cluster's policy. See details in Databricks' article [Policy definition](https://docs.databricks.com/en/administration-guide/clusters/policy-definition.html#workload).
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json
```

Reviewer 2: @bh202205 We need `json` on line 35. Formatting breaks otherwise.
